Hi everyone I'm having I'm typing and welcome to another round of heaven and James is neither did
I say that
and
really I think I mean introducing we had a child Wednesday. We
should I'm feeling great and very excited
for today's
episode to me to get Black was one of my good friends is going to
be on the show in
a coma. You may remember her from a all of our shout outs to
her Tennessee whisky woman. I'm going to there's we're really excited because we're going to talk
about Prince William say a lot has happened in the last few weeks. Our world has
changed and you know one of our goals talk about that
more on the show which is tough for me since my mom watches watches my
mom listens. But we are going to create a segment one called.
Called the called Sex corner she answered all your sex questions in relationship
stuff general and it's temporarily Conoco Yeah we're working on the name guys maybe
not agree with the
excited.
So
before
we start the show we have a quick announcement and that announcement is
that heaven a gay young Oprah is leaving but feedback on
the website.
This is true but shit you referring to me by my
formal. Young I see a lot of respect on it you know I appreciate
about going in there. So this is true these are
facts you know even but the but not leaving another round if you happen to be freaking out right now pause. Don't forget.
Yes she's not dying. You don't HAVE to her she'll still be around will still be
working on the show will have to wait and see what her time is like now that she's going to be
working and at the freaking cold their report is not a bear. It's not about
anymore she didn't. I'm going to be working in the
late late show is even colder. Since she's going to be working on The Late Show was
the even call
their own mind all believe it you
entire own stuff some things are
happening big stuff and big thing to happen and I am very sad but I'm more
excited and proud that I
am married to.
Congratulations thank you and I look forward to continuing the show with you.
And just to reiterate there are going to be more shows in the See
this is not the last episode by any means and we love you really want to keep
this going. We're excited to figure out how to do that
well speaking of the show
was.
I am ecstatic to
welcome my good friend of a thousand years maybe give or take in a twenty
years know call Parkins we talk about and reference her a lot during during the
show usually by her Twitter name which is didn't see with Q
woman she is a writer a freelancer an aspiring novelist and in her
own words forever a poet called. She really
is one of my favorite authors you can find her work in places like vulture but the to tell it in Rolling Stone.
We got hers and Johnny Walker Black. Yes So we are already thinking
and to get into all the things. Let's start with prints.
OK Are you emotionally OK to talk about France. I
think so. OK I think it's just we're like what triggers I mean you know like
the first couple of days I was really sad I was crying all the time I was
in traffic and my mom had to rub my back and I just are climate the lighter playing in the
Bahamas they're playing you know but it was just really emotional for me but I'm better now.
OK I would also love to know your hair's a
glorious purple right now. Yeah I think the nails. Yes my finger know about purple. Oh my
hands purple I had my hair purple since October. It looks incredible. But
oh thank you it runs off on everything are damaged Tracy's
couch you know the first alarm bell ringing on my very draining
couch Parminter but I think that's because all the black women products that I put
in it is just little cried out Oh yeah they were yeah. So they're my
couch for
heaven. So talk to us about how
you feel in love with Prince. OK So probably when I was six years old we
got cable for the first time and M.T.V. was like really popular I'm old by the way just
girl who let your so and so M.T.V. was really
poppin and they were playing Prince
stuff and this was maybe eighty three.
So yeah. So they're playing France up and they played the video for I want to
be your
lover and he just dance he's like topless you dance around he's like flinging on his hair and like it sure
is gaping down to his navel and I felt like this is not
a woman was
not like is he a man like was going I didn't know what I was looking at but then he'd like to hear his
voice and then he was saying stuff that was kind of nasty and I just assumed then on that
and I just love him from
there
I really feel like I imprinted on him by something because so much of my life is influenced
by plants. What do you say
more like them in that I've fallen for have some kind of prince
thing if it's a mole right here you know just so on achieve something that reminds you
of yeah and I didn't really I didn't know that until maybe like
after thirty or so
but that's all right just and eyebrows they're very skinny and scrawny like
princes a lot of the times.
The kind of his attitude or they have big eyes like he does. Something like there's always
something physical that reminds me of Prince of them in that I have like really
really fallen stupid.
You know but why. I don't know I just like he was just
someone that kept me still when I would see him. You wrote an essay for
Buzz Feed called how Prince taught me about female sexuality. Yeah. Can you please tell us more.
OK when I thought to get like really
into my teenage years I would be practicing orgasm sounds based
on what the of the sounds based on the sound that Prince was making in his
soft way when you just don't
want to lose your place the way.
They can you imagine like closure as in you know with someone in made in they
just like a real live Prince noise like
I'm not going to be like the little
Yeah but there's like the really
high pitched noises that he makes at the end of the song girl. It's a
piece
I
thought sex sounded like Prince and I knew that men weren't supposed to sound
like that you know based on just whatever but I was like I
can sound like that so my first orgasm was with a guy.
If they were doing really good shit. It was our prince
like you and I day I was still here. Prince found come out
and say I'm like. So your first
orgasm with Prince is pretty much all right I will take that.
Yeah I love that this amazing I know.
Imagine if someone gave you the like Michael Jackson.
I
think that's a good sign that. Oh my goodness that's like a sign make
you sound
like somebody else. So when. I mean that I was really excited to ask you how Prince is because neither
of us are like Die Hard Prince Bandar like I don't think that's a tile that we do that we love France we love
with music but we don't have prints tattoos you know purple hair. So I'm
very interested in what the grieving process has been like
for somebody who felt such a close like intimate personal bond
with Prince. Especially when it happened so unexpectedly like what do you
know it's really hard cause again I don't know what's going to make
me cry. When I saw the Corvette ad that said baby I was much too
fast I cried.
But the first day it wasn't until I heard a door. That's what it was
that broke me down because like to hear all of that passion that
he
has towards the end when you're like
you don't know what you mean to be like that I can't thank you is exactly.
Anyway so it's really difficult because I feel like he's been there all of my life like that since the
first real solid nonfamily memory that I have is watching Prince.
On M.T.V. part
of what I loved about him was he has this boldness when it came to
sex but also his connection to spirituality from the
south after be a good Christian girl but Prince kind of taught me that you can
still honor and respect whatever your higher power is and ill honor and respect
the desires of your body and that's very important to
me words I don't really feel like I have the stronger connection to primp and I already
feel like I've learned so much. Yeah. So I really I really feel like I understand more why people are
like yeah. Nah I really love listening to
people talk about things that they would catch. I know you so desire. Speaking of which we're going to be
on say who's But first refill don't
refill yet.
So we are back and is been kind of a disorienting
week for people everywhere black people especially I would say because you have this really
devastating thing happening in Prince dying but then you also have
this huge monumental joy inducing thing
in the visual album at the end they drop Limon A M I five in a
bad everybody's ass that's why I thought when it would be run out
of town. At least I'm not many you know should say I
LOVE THEM
A I've only seen the visual album three times
in total like fully through. And I was weeping at every single
time so I'm very excited to weep with you all together right
now favorite song. Don't hurt yourself. I can't I can't I
can't have this conversation
so early in your time but I can say is
that Doherty's that was a favorite of mine and I've only listened to tracks to through four
so far which are like the angriest songs. Yeah bomb because let's talk about the anger on the album.
Let's get into it so I said before that like my anger is only something that I've recently given
myself permission to engage with because we're just like so swayed from being angry you know the
whole side right Rick you little black which of course somebody who fucks you over
would say you're right but I just love how while in truth. Well.
She just left or
something completely inside
you you.
And especially as a black woman you know there's a stereotype of the angry black woman in being able to
take control of that and claim it for
yourself in the backdrop of that stereotype your challenge in
a stereotype you're Apple asserting like you're personally because humans get angry and that's OK.
Also I just love cousin
beyond saying you know I love it so I'm like that so I have.
I haven't even heard the rest the album that much because like I just he wrote it on the
people by my heart is right down there ready for the sweet forgiveness
part where part of my brain.
What do you make of all the conversations about their
marriage. Well I mean people say all the time that marriage
is
awful like the so I don't know why we should bank.
Beyond saying Jay Z. to have some kind of power perfect relationship where whatever. Like I
don't know any of my married friends who have not complained
about the institution of marriage. You know not necessarily specific
to their husbands or wives really just they're just
like why do we do this kind of thing
but I mean it makes for good
gossip you know with your friends I really feel like people are making it
too autobiographical. Well I feel like. It can all be true and none of it can be true
at the same time. Absolutely I
think she may have modeled a lot of
it after the poetry word or worse in shire writing and I
also think there's some of her own
personal life experiences in there but it reminds me of something. Roxanne
gay said that women are only allowed to be experts of themselves
and I think that also applies to black people which is
why like you have to go we have to go to court to prove that. Rap lyrics are
not real
right you know maybe not right they have to prove to people that when we talk
about artistic choices I am like we don't have imagination right.
The music that you listen to is from our imagination and I think you're talking about the acting in this country
song week blackly OK name it then
Jerry Hello. Hello. Oh so all of that is just I
think it's a way of again to try to limit beyond say in her
teens her it really works.
Yeah
well
that's
when
I want to pick up on this we invented country.
Yes because there's a lot of parts of this album to me because I'm not from the south. Well I'm I'm from
the part of Virginia that likes to distance himself
from the religion you know that's northern Virginia area in the it's a horrible name.
You know like like the D.M.V. You know
I remember when formation dropped. I like jokingly tweeted.
I think I understand steampunk now because it's like beyond
saying all this like Southern
Gothic All right. I like the architecture the clothing it's like everywhere
that's the whole aesthetic and I in my mind have only associated that with white
people so that I don't I don't have family in the south I you know I didn't grow up
there and like
now it's more I feel like she's making such a bold claim to like. The South. Yeah
like this is what we look like this is the music we invented and these are the spiritual reasoning.
These are the protest songs we made up like like we've been here for ever like yeah. All
this shit
yes we literally did I think part of that is becoming apparent I'm not a parent but
just from what I've seen. And talk to other people I think part of that is what do you want to pass on
to your child so she's thinking what do I want to give Blue Ivy and whoever else comes
along you know part of me that is not just mommy on stage or
whatever and so she's really kind of anchored herself in those southern roots particularly as she
gets closer to her mom and her mom's Louisiana Louisiana roots I mean.
Have
you have you all been reading any of the reviews. You
know I haven't I just really truly could not tolerate any conversation about
this that wasn't coming from a black
woman but you did not hear it here I can see I don't personally love my
wife Morgan the real thing that we did by the way home phone last
night with black people that you know we really like Holly Bass I feel like if we went to his
house and looked up his porn history would be a fellow Lebanese laptop
yet you know Ebony it would be archived to
like that absolutely like a couple porn.
Yeah well he's watches blacks right now.
Yeah all right all right
and that also I feel like one of the things I
find
so tickles me truly does is when. So there's this
iconic line about. Thank you with the good here. My guys
why people are losing he better call
you first of all.
Iggy Azalea when I go home you have back you that's offensive.
Do you think
down near you.
But there is just sense and. I feel like white girls do this thing where like they know they're not
a part of something like not explicitly about me so I'm going to turn these into
about yeah. And there is this like there are these articles that like to Mbeki with the
good. What was the thing that
happened earlier the camera thing British Glamour. Taken
back Becky or something like taking back baccy.
This also now you know when the phrase didn't happen
when basic The phrase or the word BASIC was blah. Mind you know what let me
recall. I finally found my oppression All
my God I find
it so wild how white people cannot consume a product that is not at
least where the rest of the world has been doing that
their entire lives and they can even quietly not can write it and you can just not
hit play right now you could just not sweet you think you cannot write articles may cost you nothing.
Free ninety nine.
This is also show me that white people have no idea what good hair is what I
mean. So I like these you know their hair is
excellent analogy I think
what I haven't said You tweeted that Becky with a good hair is actually a state
of ideas or something less out of Iran to
stand behind not agree with that I think that she's just
really there somebody other. Yeah. And my mother who's
going to hate me that I think my mother
is like yeah B. I say she got some rough stuff so I mean by
that I don't know I would never said that behind not
come for us not to be I don't want to say I'm delighted angel my mother and I
know it's little
mama But I think do you think
a Becky is necessarily white.
I think this is happy
as they threw us off because of the history of good here. It's what's
closest to whiteness. Right right and so you don't need to
qualify white daddy. That's a given. Yeah right. See what made me
feel like this is pretty autobiographical. I mean there's all the direct references to Jay
Z. Yeah that I assume.
Like Beyonce and Jay Z. make music together. Yeah like I know he knows what was going in
there and he's like I respect your decisions as an artist you're allowed to tell your truth
like I'm sorry and I deserve.
Yeah I can publicly say me please. By dragging me I'm a drag you tell me in the
video literally at my yes actually the My how I am in front of everybody
else can I say
that one of the things I think just on a kind of abstract relationship level that we need to look
at from lemonade is a way of shaming the quote unquote actually
Larry all the people who try to tell you if you're a good girl were no one's going to cheat on
you right. But if a queen gets cheated on you know then anybody can
get cheated on and. Oh yeah I
try to sit there say well only Queens deserve respect you got to carry yourself like and rightly said OK but we
have Queen Bee who's being the
Right now the the escalators on what I like to be I say a girl woman man Jay
Z. cheated on her she even don't
know why. Yeah.
Daisy's money comes back to making the women after hallway or something. Not
always just continuously but I want to backtrack a little bit about baking with my back
you know yeah. I got that drug. Yeah because the Internet
has been so adamantly saying it's this one woman Rachel Roy not to
be confused with Rachel right from the food.
So she's some type of brown she was yeah I think
you're some type of
BROWN Yeah I think her father.
Anyways the Internet. Yeah like this is like they have a theory about it's her gift. So I feel
like that he is a definite reference to whiteness. I think
that people who are deemed quote not black enough are like some sort of like
quote exotic black or whatever and they the implication is that they are
not
like in touch with like they're brown and so whatever then they too can be
considered the baccy that is how I'm your preemie too I don't because you would. White girls don't have good
hair white girls have white right.
You know well we know how to get white girl
her we hope for good hair right. So that's not a
characteristic that an actual Bheki would have I don't think. Do you think a baccy has to be light
skinned.
Well you know. I don't know. But kind of to go back
to the stuff I
am because and there's I there's a rumor that it's read or are writing.
Oh yeah I see move or just fall out like you might want to I don't know you know
because she's white and she looks like we all know somebody said to her as to current
U.K. I'm
not is that so how do you
Tracey that was me this whole area but Rita Ora did step out
like the day after Let me drop in the sack same dress Bianchi was information. Yes right and she
also said
that yes a picture of her with a bra with women's over
her nipples. She knew she was yes and then I got up and the necklace that she
wore people thought it was a J. It was an initial And that well my guy said
listen I love the Internet's the best record in the onet were Abenaki
with the good hair. I would say nothing.
Yeah you know why doesn't want it I don't want those particular problems. Not this month.
One other thing I really love about how does outspoken and honest this album is is
that Beyonce just started her tour her first show in Miami happened and she
selling March that says boycott
beyond saying I could let all this nomination about.
After formation drop that like it's anti cops unlike the copyrights we willing
to send her when she's in town for the concert or something
like we won't please think beyond thirty years almost all I'm going to like you know what boycott me. We
all got to be sure that it was the best in
class he's a way of saying I was in a global
you know if I'm not OK all of these areas I want you to look how
well you know
exactly. Do also I want to get back what you were saying about the cursing on the
album because I do think it's
a pretty new and I like it like OK For example one of my
favorite lines on girls who run the world is I think
I need a barber because none of these blank can fade me its
purposes is
that
I couldn't tell if it was bitches or none of these niggas to bait me. I definitely was niggas.
I didn't yeah no way saying it bitches I've been thinking oh.
That was me it makes sense.
It's like niggas who are cutting your hair my barber to be native but
maybe it's also the bitches can't they maybe they just don't want to say you
know. You say Oh yeah. My point is my
point is. Like she would definitely make a point to not curse that much before yeah like it really
feels like she's like no you're gonna hear me as I speak yeah talking to Lenny myself. Yeah that's why
when she hit thirty she was like fuck this. Yeah it is yeah but that isn't it. I assure you but
I need a
full two thousand and eleven when she started her own management company and stop working with her father's
her manager not been for dropped in like all the like in every she's given about four
it was like. I'm on a new path I feel like I've done a lot in my life but I've learned
the right to be like I talk my
shit yet say it in my voice. Oh and I punch you saying i use of my mom
with my friend with whatever you know. See I'm around the big beyond their Destiny's
Child when they were high. I don't know I didn't feel like that they were really for me and there are
couple of songs that I really like but they were the songs where they were
very sad and it was a very had an influence on Get Me Bodied is very sad
and it's found music you know and the influence of that and so I really like that
so anytime she did that and. Can you keep saying you know
what's
funny. Yes Jim
I'm not ready yet is
very well done I woke up and staggered on that's OK. You know without
a sound of a marching band a setting a school marching band you know that kind of stuff
I love her so now she's getting older. She's still like you know with the anchoring down in
that southern If I were a model. I would
do
before we wrap up to talk a little bit more about the visuals of this iconic film.
Yes yes I again like I was saying about the Southern like Gothic
like textures and
everything automatically I felt more connected to the south but also it
was just like so beautiful so beautiful to see like this Losh.
Yeah in landscape there standing on these like incredibly strong looking
like you have legs and I bonded in a like out here it was
so beautiful just to see that many brown women come together that yes like bright out
Frewen Baskin and brown women who have all been attacked by white folks in the media.
This is true than daya than I am for a lot Amandla a man loves a while here
because she's taught I don't even think about that and I think that's the reason I mean yeah when
launching a women like people can even respect her name Yeah I don't treat her like she's a grown person even
though she's a child and then Serena Williams Well
yeah she's a black person in the why is fuckin sport. Yeah and it
means so much to visually
see language like a wide range of black people and like
African print which I thought was beautifully like infuse in like natural layer
because that particular landscape what we were saying earlier is something that black people are not associated with but
like we are they are like in a lot of those places in areas there were more of us and there were white
folk but we just see like. White men with like long gray beards or
whatever like that like they're like men grabbing their back drop in just reminds me of when statement he
was like You can't be what you can't see if you've never seen what you
were the third you just don't know that was like a thing
or possibly I have seen criticism that Bianca did not include
any plus size or more full figured women which I think
is I think that's a valid concern because also her Ivy park BRAND
Yeah
it's cater towards plus sizes I think it has about its size twelve or something of a
forty something like that are supposed to fit twelve to fourteen five hundred fourteen. I have
also noticed that in her Mirch store. She's made a point to
have versity of models
of like all you know them sizes. Yeah but not. I haven't seen. Yeah.
So I think that that's kind of I think that's a valid concern and I understand people are pushing back on that like she
can't represent everybody but a family member. Yeah yeah you know if you want to talk
about being from the south we're no we are some big five down
the right. Yeah right. They come down to well the ones
that final five things you like collabs cameos
ad libs anything I just love it.
I really really really love how unashamed she is a farce otherness. I just love
it is beautiful. I'm really loving the Malcolm X. sample some of it.
Respect the person in America is the black
woman the most protected one person in America is the black
woman holding the greatest person in America is a black woman.
She's like oh yeah I was too black. Then. Checked it out and
I really love. The visual of her jumping off
the ledge and falling into water.
I gasped. Yeah I was listening to some old movies of her and she was saying like I love
the ocean so much. I feel like in a past life I was a mermaid you give me all this
perspective. Oh then that maybe was OK Well I
don't know because you know that there's a lot
of your A Oh sure and you mean stuff like
that in there. So maybe you mean. In a ratio who's
kind of like a mermaid you know the mommy wars trying to the Navy. So I wonder
if you know she was
getting schooled on that and then putting that into she's definitely been on tumblr. Yeah but I
also really love all
the West African and East Africa on the album. You got your you got your weekend.
You got shit you got worse and shyer Somali British you know it
and then you got your West African looks. No one's African spiritual influence
of you
be a Saudi Can a very quick confession.
I will probably requested this because but I am not a fan of six until
I was just like I don't like the weekend I don't think that this song
is
great that's a larger easy quick question. I hate one part of freedom.
So I already know what it is it just climax to the worst
the lines the sometimes he does that like well I don't write the line
is because I'm a winner and a winner don't quit on themselves yeah like we went from protest
and song to generic like the morning and just go around a football team
and some of like Probably
I'm running a little in the
fifty's. But yes yes i will we will be
I think it is modern time and I think it's it's just that
to
I feel like I as Tracy Clayton who has a podcast to her mother listens to harm
not let Laura Lacson let herself go enough to talk about adult things I
hear you I hear. I don't even like that I use F. word. OK so I'm taking a page from beyond
Facebook and I'm going to create not to Eagle for myself so that this can
happen to you are wearing an incredible wig I'm sorry and your name's
entre and my name out a longer Tracy Madam My name is the Lola Love
for All right Lola thanks for joining us from the kooks
corner
so worked. So
Nicole
you be having sex sometimes sometimes not in our relationship. Yeah.
You wrote a great article for both the about your experiences
as dominate tricks.
Yeah everyone should read is fascinated south a lot about
race inseminated the masculinity etc etc Since you and I talk about
the stuff a lot I could think of nobody better to just talk about sex
with with me
and lolo with heaven let me all right
let's get into it we ask you all for some questions via Twitter and email and here's a
few We're going to answer now. All right so the
question is this is admittedly a humble brag like a
half brain. The question is say I'm getting the job done a couple three
times a couple Sorry but I think there's a couple more in there what's a polite way
to ask all my
gosh I feel I want to so this is clearly coming from a man.
OK
so this person wants to know how you can get back in there to get a few more
the chamber I guess when they ask you a job interview like what's your
greatest weakness.
You know like I care too much you know such a perfectionist that
your Duda I can go all night long. I think
you should
just you know kind of check your part out see if that person is can
go physically because you know everybody has
different. Yeah.
Yeah. And just also you know sometimes you should. Gets tired. Yeah yeah.
So I think you should just check I don't know about being polite I
don't think that's you know you can't be polite in a situation like that like I mean do you want to go again you
just kind of oh yeah I like it when the day you
just maybe just roll over and. Put the erect penis
on the hip hop right
in between the funny.
Yes. Not quite as
much
in bed and you're kind of
like you know maybe you were you know going for that third or fourth round you know sure you just kind of roll
over and let the person know that you're Yeah basically ready. Hey yeah Hey yeah. Hey.
Not not. That's a horrible.
Oh well I mean why don't they knock
about how do you
know. But I mean
like ideally they would see like how you respond to like if you like argue back a
little bit exaggerated a little booty to come
out something that you know I know I know what exactly do we need to do
to do
that to you I hear that they roll over like away from you and then you
know right or they like push you. So you're mostly body language. Yes. Yeah.
And the body
language is very important. Yeah I would like to vocalize a thing that has started to call me
some concern. Because I like when a nuff was
enough
times where
Lola. LOSEN Like I said
I'm cool. You know my hyperbole little bit I feel like I've been passed out and then they'll be like going
to pass out it's OK.
No not right that that's bothersome right. It's high hand if you
trust that person but
what we've done way back up for whatever medical reason I know you're
Bonaire about that are dying and you know if someone does. I'm scared going
to pass out I've learned to like I'm not going to say I can go ahead.
That was all me to help
me seek him out. Call
attention
and I think it also this is if they're going to keep going when you pass out like or they say oh I never
thought about that oh my god it was No my concern is sexy podcast.
OK first you have to have this kind of communication between you guys right
like I'm a pass out but it's OK if you keep going back right happened between you
know people entering adult if they've talked about it and they've you know what I
have to sometimes is you know when they're saying go ahead do what you have to do.
They're just encouraging you to let
go OK Be safe school.
Oh I get it absolutely.
Yeah I do lately
really depends on how comfortable you are yeah that's definitely true. I think for me it's
just all about me and my fear of dying in terrible ways I think your partner should be attuned to that.
Yeah I'm saying you're right you're right let's move on to the next question.
This next question comes from somebody that we can of accosted at a bar last night
when we were like a guy we got a black adds with a question.
We got a really good
question and that question in so many words is that this woman and her boyfriend
live together they have a camera so black monitor the dogs actions. When
they're away. Why is a particularly destructive doll like what are they what do
they do with the knowledge to come running home. We
see you on the camera thought. It was
actually a great job and I don't know if I'm going to found
it. So she wants to use the dog camera for sexy time and
she's trying to because I guess they like check it while they like like want it work yes OK
your boyfriend can operated be a remote. So he can yeah.
So he wants to know how to present that idea to her boyfriend was the best way to broach the
topic is important now that he does not like surprises. He likes to
be aware in the control and he would also have to make sure that it doesn't show up on
his work computer so they have to be some kind of
discussion beforehand right. She can just surprise him right away he would be doing this on his
work computer like you can plug into the surveillance. Yeah his phone.
I don't know the great question we should not think it is.
So first of all this idea is super fuckin high. I think you want to put on a
show
for your partner and yes really. I also think it's great that she's you know want to make
sure that she has his consent because maybe he's not really into that. Yeah. So
she wants to let him know. So what I would say I'm about the
modified surprise so I would kind of ask you
know ask about his day. Upcoming days can be really busy at work
do you think you have time to maybe sit with me for like thirty minutes or something and she can like act like it's going to
be something totally different and then she's like maybe you could turn on the dog
cam are whatever and then what would be excellent and I don't know if they have this capability
is if you could I love that you're all right so that's why I know we so much.
Yeah I think knowledge but if he could
like. Mike in and say OK now toss your hair this way you
know oh that would be really great and that still gives him control so he doesn't feel like he's
left out of the scenario you know I'm yeah I'm ahead but if you can't do that then I still think
that she should just go for it and just put on whatever show. She wants for him that you
know you should do but how does she present idea to him
I owe by asking him how sure we're going and things
getting really crazy. I don't expose what we say right now and then
maybe if this
couple is a type where she's asking how she can you know put on a show for him that they
probably watch porn together and maybe she can do so you know let's watch some voyeur kind of
stuff or
so whatever. And so that you know
maybe. Valium around do something. Yeah that kind of thing so that again he doesn't
know exactly what she's planning but they're in the ballpark. Yeah. So I don't think she should flat
out say is it OK if
I take some of the sex yeah yeah I think it should be a surprise and
something like Wow you're really thinking of me this is really spicing up for sure and if he doesn't like surprises.
Right but. Modify a modified surprise. I do say that I hate surprises.
I will hear it
for modified somewhat here barely but I'd like a little heads up
like some in the meeting should be more like can you have complete alone time at work right.
Like yeah and we just talk some days or whatever and then spring it
on
exactly the modified the proud ladies and gentlemen. You're here for back
to work. I think we have time for when
more is another animal question what's the best way to be on
top and maintain stamina and not hurt your knees and
hips and this is written by a straight woman. Honestly you just have to practice and just
be doing it exercise and get your body used to being in those different positions that get really.
Yeah squats and lunges all that kind of stuff to strengthen
your legs and that's not a very sexy answer because you know people don't like to
exercise my dog food it might not be clued
in but really that's just really all you can do is just keep doing it over and
over and over again which is not a bad form is and I think that's one factor that I
think they're worried about hurting their knees. There was like a past that you wish
and
oh I just thought of a great call
in question. Sex injuries.
I mean and we would love to hear your stories of sex injuries everybody.
I have one. It
was very painful. What happened
though I will tell you that you know it is
when I was with my ex a thousand years ago and.
There was
some oral appreciation going oh right. OK. And at one
point either he made a quick mover
I made a quick move in so my tongue was like on the roof of my
mouth and his penis was underneath my tongue right. And you
know what a lingual frenulum is like in my soul he says skin anything.
I hear a
pop outside my ear. And I feel this
hot searing pain and I was like why what just happened to
me how much I liked him at the time right. We were still cool
minces I don't want to interrupt things. So let me just get go
and in all of this is horrible I will pain that I was in oh my God
I'm really in
B.P. right. LOL afraid the real him.
So we want to
hear your sex injury stories. Ya'll OK but
record them on your phones email them to us at another around embassy dot com and maybe we'll play
them on a future episode if you want to remain anonymous.
Please or every voice distortion. And keep it
under a minute you'll keep it short keep it short and
sweet. So to wrap up that sensitively
titled corner with conical a six corner. Let's say once more that
nobody here is a professional at all we're not qualified you do i hear me if you follow this advice
you do it at Joan peril. I do not see why she
cannot thank you for all the advice McCraw
Yes Yes And I hope that you will come back again to answer more questions yes. So
if anybody listening has more sex relationship questions when a call to answer you can send them to
as either via Twitter or if you would like to remain anonymous and with email and other roundabout see
that
calmly will respect your wishes because maybe your mom listen to your process
to
understand
is time for a pew pew pew.
Rapid Fire question you're familiar not going to yes. Ashamedly
Krav in the find the name does it right now. Who is
the last person you kissed. Oh shit. Like I've
got some serious cobwebs happen and I
lied I'll get that and I'm.
The last person I kissed
like what kind of kiss and I'm romantic it's all romance you know me ma
don't count.
Leave
me model. I
think I think the last guy that I dated
seriously was the last
guy kids I mean I've had sex since then since we broke up but no kids in a well know case and I am
truly Omar based on some pretty woman shit. Yeah I don't deserve that you have an early.
Oh yeah I think it was my last guy dated.
OK What is your favorite fast food thought
McDonald's Yes. What's the weirdest
crisis you've ever had or the guy that played
this amazing guy from That seventy's
Show host or great. Oh my God I wasn't
here just a moment and
I can remember I remember by him you will see me. When do I do the probably
I mean I don't OK so maybe we'll talk about this later so what
I do like really skinny scrawny min. But I like.
I
like to make them feel powerful. So if they can handle me then they're you know that
makes them feel good. Yeah I'm the one with the real power because you're controlling them thinking that they can
Yeah you learn a lot. What is the best or favorite thing
that you've ever written. I found
a story just other day that I had written. It's kind
of dark. But it was
about a man invited
his ex-wife and her husband over for dinner because they wanted to take custody of
the kids full custody of the kids and go around the world. So you buy them over to dinner and he had
his cook prepare the children for them.
Oh my God Is there a place we can go to be there you know
I know it's just something I typed up really oh my God I look forward to more talk
should I mean I might post it on my blog
is neglected. But I might post it there. If you if you get the blog going again
we'll played in the newsletter. So everybody can see it. I love the newsletter by
the way
I do. So you're one of our favorite authors who are some of yours.
Toni Morrison. Yeah Tony the god gloire nailer specifically mama DE
I love Mama day and
I will recommend it anytime someone asks me for a book
recommendation. Sonia Sanchez is who I emulated when
I first discovered poetry and Dorothy Parker
who Prince put me onto my Mothers Against song
of
song sign of the times my favorite album and he has a song called Ballad of
Dorothy Parker and I want to know who that was
thinking oh my god it's beautiful it is yeah. So you not too long ago.
Quit your nine to five so that you can pursue writing full time. What has been
the scariest and most rewarding things
about that. The scariest is the uncertainty of
money not having health insurance anymore.
I actually gave away my car because I was like This is too
expensive and gave it away to sell it. No I just like I was it was
still like a note. So I know which is not good for your credit what I was like I
can't the stress of trying to make sure that I was hustling enough to get. At least my car
note words are really stressing me the fuck out like I was anxious I was there I could feel myself going back into
depression and so I was like I need to get rid of this car so I did that which is
difficult as I'm in the south
and it's not the most walkable in the it's not at all
likes a lot and they were that's literally don't have sidewalks. You have to drive anyway
so that's the scariest just also.
Like Part B. of that is trying to hunt down your money and trying to balance how well.
How do you. Yeah how do you ask for money that's all to you without
making I don't I don't want them to not want to work with me anymore because I don't want them to think
I'm being greedy to
get the money that I deserve that I've earned I should say not deserve with you know I am
based on our contract together. But then I have to kind of
find you to get my money. And I don't want you to think oh maybe we don't need to
work with her anymore she's going to harass us about her money to fucking pay online
that in the harassment like quite literally Yeah but the most rewarding part is having the
freedom to do whatever I want to
do and not be beholden to somebody like feeling like
oh I've got to do all the stuff in my nine to five and also do another nine to five. Because I'm a
slow writer. So I meet the time to
work on the last word
and I want everybody to read everything that you write everything you've ever read in your life.
Everybody please follow Helen Pfluger work and they do that at Tennessee whisky woman and that is to be
in whiskey with an
E. and then woman. I'm also working on a collection of personal essays that are based and
how pop culture and being raised in the
south affected my outlook on relationships and stuff like
that I think they're right. I hope so and I'm currently working on a
novel that I hope people
can help me out find by going to my pin tweet on my Twitter
account and the campaign is called away to Paris.
So why are you doing the crap on. Well I'm working on a novel that is a seven
gothic retelling of. The biblical book Song of Solomon and I will join three
I like it to the
way they carry to end up in Paris and so I would like to have some firsthand
research going on so what are the like you really like make the descriptions pop for people.
Support our support. Thank you thank you.
We've
been around for trains and I around for my latest obsession my latest love
the thing that gives me up in the morning. The thing that keeps me going throughout
the day and on and. Chicken liver
most watts is that. It's like
a bread made out of chicken liver.
I know it sounds crazy I don't even like liver I don't even like chicken liver remover a
thing gets the liver of a chicken.
I am a mom and granny used to eat them fried all the time.
It's not good it's got this weird texture Oh yeah well yeah it's just not and it looks
really not so right bride in the middle of whatever situation and yeah yeah.
Well my grandma used to burn her about with her black. But the move itself
is like a nice brown like a rich brown color. Where does one even get those at
a fancy
little wineries in light teas places like a shark rewards Yeah
as you would like I know I know it's the right up there are my love of fancy
cheeses and I just love it so much so here's how I came to even eat it
even though I am so not adventurous with for.
Can And with stuff. Not seafood like there are certain my Cardinals like fish I will
never I will never experiment with fish member that's how
my eight locks for you oh yeah you know where you're welcome. That was the
word but I was at some benefit
gala AIDS fund raiser thing it was a weird like summer in the P.R. pitch. That I got now with
because Out Kast was before me. That whole reason I'm
here and you know there was always great food the food was really going there was like I could report with this
brown stuff on it so I try and I'm like oh my god you don't know if I didn't know it was somebody was
like trying to shake a limb and I'm like no absolute OK so I tried and I was like What is this
magical thinking that is being kept from me my entire life.
Fast forward a little while ago I was at a wild bar in Brooklyn. Appropriately
called Bergman I think it's very cute and.
I see on the menu chicken liver moves in something to me was like I think that's the thing that I
had what. Yes You know I even tried to name. I know I just can't tell you. Yeah
yeah like I'm
going to try to have a good feeling and since then I'm obsessed with chicken liver most provin has
the best that I've ever had here. That's wild.
It's delicious. Is it OK.
Who or what is your round for I would like to buy a round for the new PM
network
admin but also specifically girlfriend but if you
show
me my good
friend's new version.
I feel like I took
for granted what it was like to grow up with that being a reality of mine
that show being in my life. We me because I had never seen any place that
like
celebrated friendship in that way for home but also like black girl
girlhood womanhood and like celebrating each other they're
all like professional women with different Jones a lawyer my
as she was
the hairstyle writer and she wrote the book. Oh here's my list
and
write any is it doesn't matter they all did a bunch of. Things they're all a different personality. Yeah.
Lynn was like I'm getting my thousand like I know all these things and have
no job.
It was just such a fun show you know I'm a big fan of anything that's always friendship.
To you and I'm so happy for Tracy I was raw she been out here. Yes but she's
finally getting her her like big checks blow up on you. She's so
good she sounds so good she's such a
great comedic actress she's on blackish now and she's like I don't understand why the show is not centered around her not
that it's underground Anthony Anderson is why although it's wild when you have a
talent like her in the building ridiculous but she slays all the time her lipstick
is incredible. She I'm certain lives in Connie's neighborhood. She has the
best cameo in music video his yeah in the video for Conny workout plan. She is
a Frenchwoman Elvish out
Kal-L. iconic shot to go from set to go free are
the J.C.L. as raw as you can see Pierre in all that blackness to my life. They really like
that television. They sure did.
We did again and they are doing all of the
family. Thank You got excited.
Thank you so much to the
fantastic McCall in the call Park and yes it was the so much fun hanging
out blessings on blessings for the
Posco I'm going to end up in this world if
every time you have progressed they can prove this episode was produced by
Elena Kagan with editorial oversight from general life Berman in production help from Antonia Sara
Hito Julia Farland in I'm a grey mare bad ass I'll go up and
say thank you to poverty with the Argos studio. You're the
best. Thanks to our musical friend type people who hooked
us up with. We haven't what is happening right now with one set out
to have bagel music thanks to Jean Grey you can follow her
at Jean Grae the on Twitter and things to down will of the on my mortgage because Follow him on
Twitter at Dio in W L. Thank you to
bagel face
Kevin
does that if I thought your car while I have an
ounce later in Seattle a fire bagel related event
and heaven rant this heavenly places guy. In rant was saying that white women do when they would
help Apple
care about
fire and college radio broke
human poverty Sydney dollar thanks. Hopefully this will be a
fiction hopefully the crabs
are the move letter it is
good that I didn't go to but see that guy was that another man slash newsletter to sign up and get
fantastic things in your inbox including but not limited
to babies babies animals. I mean Romeo After
need to why do
you upgrade your life. Also check out both other podcast like Internet Explorer
the tell showing our
newest politics but no one knows anything because nobody knows and then the new
body in any form
of
buzz got another round. You know was another one of us the dotcom redefines
and how many of us remember a few
Fry's name anything after I
named them which is after me I think my had like three or four. All right. They liked saying you know her chickens and you
were in your chicken army my chicken army will rise and rain down
like lightning from
the heavens drink some water. Take your meds call your mom or your dad or a
greater or your significant other you know kind of person and chicken
army who knows by.
Langage
you may remember her from all of our shout outs to her Tennessee with you yes
that William like oh maybe as in Williams
I thought OK you may remember her from
all the random shots we give to them if he was on Twitter.
I
think they want to take
that.